well howdy there internet people its
Bella Guerra so tonight we're going to
talk about selective service and
military recruitment in general I've
gotten a couple of questions about it
some from people who are very concerned
and then there's always a bunch of
comments about it coming up now some of
those are people who are concerned some
are obviously joking I'll start off by
saying there's a whole bunch of things
to be concerned about right now this
really isn't one of them so tonight
we're going to go through all of the
things that would happen before
Selective Service is brought back and
they're not really in any particular
order except for the last couple and
those are your warning signs once those
things start happening then you need to
start kind of paying attention to it
before then it's it's just not likely
your strongest ally in this may be
surprising its DoD DoD does not want
Selective Service to come back they've
learned from history generally speaking
this isn't always true but generally
your worst volunteer is better than your
best conscript they understand it
creates a lot of morale issues and it
affects the public perception of the war
effort they don't like it so they have
come up with tons of ways to avoid
having to have a draft so the first
thing you see normally is massive
re-enlistment bonuses they focus on
retention those realism of bonuses get
really high they understand that a
combat vet is better than a new guy so
they focus on keeping them in if the
re-enlistment bonuses don't work well
then there's something called a backdoor
draft it's not really a draft but that's
what it's called this is where you're in
you know and corporal whoever is like
I'm getting out in 60 days and the first
sergeant walks in and he's like hey
who's getting out in 60 days
not so fast come with me the needs of
the army come first you're staying and
they're stuck and this is when people
find out they really should have read
that contract a little closer then
there's something called the
inter-service draft which is not really
a draft either this is where a lot of
people sign up for like the are the Air
Force or the Navy because they don't see
a lot of direct action so you sign up
for the Air Force and you decide you're
gonna be a cop okay
and then all of a sudden they're like oh
yeah well you're going with the hundred
first well that's the army I joined the
Air Force and they are airborne that's
close enough to get on the plane and you
go over there and you're an MP with with
with an army unit and this happened they
did this during Iraq and Afghanistan at
the height then you have all of the
reserve units the ones that you know
about you know one weekend a month two
weeks a year those people and then you
have the reservists you you don't know
about and basically you can go and do
four years and get out and then you know
you're working your job your civilian
job whatever in a year later you get a
letter saying hey come back and that's
when you realize you should have read
that contract a little closer they have
the ability to involuntarily recall
people and bring them back now normally
before they do that unless it's a like
an in-demand skill like a language if
you speak a needed language that happens
to do you pretty often but they also
jack up enlistment bonuses and this is
the first part where we're getting to
new people everything before this this
is all in-house so they jack up
enlistment bonuses and they can get
really substantial
during Iraq I know a guy who was looking
at an $80,000 an Elizabeth bonus because
he spoke Arabic fluently so this bonus
is money on top of your normal pay and
it's a way to target and incentivize
people from low-income areas recruiters
especially during wartime this is true
in general but especially during wartime
they target low-income communities and
it is what it is I mean you can look at
the you can look at the systemic stuff
with that if you want to but yeah this
is another reason why you're always
going to have resistance free education
because it's a recruitment tool for the
military the GI Bill okay so once now
you've got this done so the next part of
this is where they start lowering
standards secretly and that's when you
go in and you want to join and you find
out why you you know actually we don't
let you join with a GED under normal
circumstances but right now we need
people so bad we've got a waiver for
that what's that when you're 18 you got
busted moving some illicit substance
we've got a waiver for that you're
overweight we've got a waiver for that
and this is all happening inside the
recruiting station once they've
exhausted that option then they move to
openly lowering standards this is the
point where you need to start paying
attention and the first ones don't
matter so much like they'll let people
join in at an older age there's a cap
there's a cut-off you can only join up
to a certain age they'll raise that or
they'll openly advertise and say what
will take people with some felonies as
long as it's not like domestic violence
or you know a violent charge something
along
lines so you have all of this stuff then
they would start thinking about
Selective Service but until all that
other stuff is done they're not even
going to consider it and even here now
in the modern age they're gonna try to
fill as many of those positions as they
can with contractors so it's not it's
not a fear that at this moment you
should really have it's pretty unlikely
and I also don't believe that even if it
comes back I don't believe they'll be
punishing people the way they have in
the past I think they would be doing
everything they could to make it more
palatable to to the populace especially
under a commander-in-chief who is
alleged to have dodged the draft that
would severely undermine the the moral
authority of it so I think they want to
avoid it at all costs anyway so it's
just a thought y'all have a good night